TODO: 


add nodemoon
make middleware to verify profile permissions
choose the unit and integration test tools
find the bests practices to structurate the express app
make mockups from screens - ok
define the rules to change the task colors
find the best place to put the mongoose.connection
create a config.js
create a constant file

frontend









Desafio

Dear Gilluan,

We kindly ask that you complete the assignment below as part of your application.
Please reply to confirm your availability to complete the assignment. If you have any further questions do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,

Victor


Desafio: Sistema de gerenciamento de tempos
Usuario: criar uma conta e logar

let User = Scheme({
    username,
    password,
    preferredWorkingHourPerDay,
    profile: ADMIN(pode visualizar e modificar tudo), 
             REGULAR(Manter proprias tarefas), 
             USER_MANAGER(Cadastrar Usuarios)
})

Usuario, criar o crud das tarefas:
Usuario: se trabalhou nas horas preferidas a marcacao vai ficar vermelha, senao verde

let Task = Scheme({
    date: Date,
    name: String,
    timespent: String,
    notes: [String]
})

let filter = {
        date, 
        timespent,
        notes
}

criar autenticacao via API

User must be able to create an account and log in
User can add (and edit and delete) a row what he has worked on, what date, for how long
User can add a setting (Preferred working hours per day)
If on a certain date a user has worked under the PreferredWorkingHourPerDay, these rows are red, otherwise green.
Implement at least three roles with different permission levels: a regular user would only be able to CRUD on their owned records, 
a user manager would be able to CRUD users, and an admin would be able to CRUD all records and users.
Filter entries by date from-to
Export the filtered times to a sheet in HTML:
Date: 21.5
Total time: 9h
Notes:
Note1
Note2
Note3
REST API. Make it possible to perform all user actions via the API, including authentication.
In any case you should be able to explain how a REST API works and demonstrate that by creating functional tests that use the REST Layer directly. Please be prepared to use REST clients like Postman, cURL, etc for this purpose.
All actions need to be done client side using AJAX, refreshing the page is not acceptable.
Use React on the front-end and Node to build the API (you may add any other lib you want).
Bonus: unit and e2e tests! (  :( )
You will not be marked on graphic design, however, do try to keep it as tidy as possible.

NOTE: Please keep in mind that this is the project that will be used to evaluate your skills. The project will be evaluated as if you were delivering it to a customer. We expect you to make sure that the app is fully functional and doesn’t have any obvious missing pieces. The deadline for the project is 2 weeks from today.









